se050: update SCP03 information and provisioning (#441)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/security/secure-elements/secure-element.050.rst

The SE05x has native support for Global Platform Secure Communication Protocol 03 which
allows us to protect the integrity of end to end communications between the
processor and the SE05x. All data sent to the SE05x is software encrypted and all
data received decrypted in the TEE using a set of session specific keys derived
from predefined keys shipped with the devices.

.. note::
       The user can select whether to enable SCP03 during secure world initialization
       or at a later time from the normal world using the `scp03`_ command::

	CFG_CORE_SE05X_SCP03_EARLY=y : enables SCP03 before the Normal World has booted.

> 	CFG_SCP03_PTA=y              : allows SCP03 to be enabled from from the Normal World

Reviewer: s/from from/from/

Author: thanks @MrCry0, just committed the same change as proposed by @kprosise

The predefined factory keys stored on the SE05X NVM (**static keys** from here
on) are public and should therefore be rotated to a secret set of values from
which session keys can be derived. 

To avoid having to store new static keys - to reduce the surface attack and
simplify the firmware upgrade process - the new set of keys will be derived in
OP-TEE from its core secret: the Hardware Unique Key (HUK)

.. warning::
     Once the static SCP03 keys have been derived from the HUK and programmed

>      into the device's NVM the **HUK MUST NOT CHANGE**.

Reviewer: "...be changed"?

Author: I'd rather keep it as is...meaning that sometimes the HUK might change even though the user don't know it happened. Worded this way I am hoping clients get some awareness of how the HUK might change on their platforms.

          $ pkcs11-tool --module /usr/lib/libckteec.so.0.1 --keypairgen --key-type RSA:4096 --id 01 --token-label fio --pin 87654321 --label SE_7F000001 

We have also developed a tool, the `SE05x Object Import Application`_.
This tool interfaces with the TEE and gains access to the SE05x to import keys

>  *and* certificates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*and* certificates.
```
fix for indentation error.

> We have also developed a simple tool, the `SE05x Object Import Application`_,
> that interfaces to the TEE and gains access to the SE05x to import not only keys
> but also certificates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have also developed a tool, the `SE05x Object Import Application`_.
This tool interfaces with the TEE and gains access to the SE05x to import keys
 *and* certificates.
```

The *certificates* are retrieved in DER format using the APDU interface

> presented by the driver and then written to the pkcs#11 token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
presented by the driver, and are then written to the pkcs#11 token.
```

> The application uses the `libseteec`_ to send the APDUs to the secure element

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tool uses `libseteec`_ to send the APDUs to the secure element.
```

> and `libckteec`_ to interface to the PKCS#11 implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and `libckteec`_ to interface with the PKCS#11 implementation.
```
